{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19200\viewh12540\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!-- meta: project="Matt Bagley FAQ" role="Creative Director" focus="Brand, Product Design, Leadership, AI, SaaS" -->\
\
# Frequently Asked Questions \'97 Matt Bagley\
\
---\
\
## What kind of work do you do?\
I build and scale brands, products, and creative systems that connect emotionally and perform commercially.  \
My background crosses SaaS, fintech, health tech, and ed tech \'97 from startups like Waave\'92s *Pay by Bank* to global platforms like *Virgin Pulse*.  \
I combine brand strategy, UX/UI design, and creative leadership to help teams design with purpose and clarity.\
\
---\
\
## What are you working on right now?\
I\'92m currently building *Smart Wiggle* \'97 an AI-powered learning companion for neurodiverse children.  \
It started as a project for my son and has grown into an inclusive design platform blending AI, education, and emotional intelligence.\
\
---\
\
## What\'92s your design philosophy?\
Design should feel human.  \
It\'92s not just about pixels or polish \'97 it\'92s about empathy, clarity, and craft.  \
Every product or campaign should solve a real problem and make people feel something genuine.\
\
---\
\
## How do you describe your leadership style?\
Empathetic and collaborative.  \
I like to create an environment where designers feel confident to experiment, fail fast, and grow.  \
My role is to remove friction, build clarity, and connect creative work to business outcomes.\
\
---\
\
## What makes your work different?\
I focus equally on **story** and **system**.  \
That means every brand or interface has emotional storytelling backed by solid design architecture \'97 consistency, scalability, and measurable impact.\
\
---\
\
## What\'92s a project you\'92re proud of?\
Launching *Pay by Bank* (Waave).  \
It started as push against the outdated payment system and became one of Australia\'92s first open-banking payment brands.  \
Seeing people use a product you helped design from zero is deeply rewarding.\
\
---\
\
## How did your work at Virgin Pulse shape you?\
It taught me scale and empathy.  \
Leading global creative for 190+ countries required cultural sensitivity, cross-functional alignment, and constant communication.  \
It also reinforced my belief that great design starts with shared purpose.\
\
---\
\
## How did Smart Wiggle begin?\
Out of a real-life need.  \
My son\'92s neurodivergent learning experience made me realise how rigid traditional education can be.  \
So I began designing a learning companion that helps kids feel calm, confident, and curious \'97 not pressured.\
\
---\
\
## How do you use AI in your workflow?\
I use AI as a creative partner \'97 not a shortcut.  \
It helps me brainstorm faster, prototype smarter, and test ideas earlier.  \
At Waave, I used tools like GPT, Midjourney, and Runway to accelerate content creation without losing brand quality.\
\
---\
\
## What kind of teams do you thrive in?\
Cross-functional teams where product, marketing, and brand collaborate early.  \
I enjoy translating strategy into something visual, human, and actionable that everyone can rally around.\
\
---\
\
## What\'92s your process for building a brand from scratch?\
Start with **why**, not **what**.  \
Define the emotion and purpose first, then build the visual and verbal system around it.  \
From there, align design with product experience, so every touchpoint feels part of one story.\
\
---\
\
## What\'92s your approach to feedback and iteration?\
Clear, kind, and fast.  \
Good feedback focuses on the problem, not the person.  \
I encourage regular critique loops so design decisions stay objective and connected to the bigger picture.\
\
---\
\
## How do you balance creativity and business needs?\
By setting shared goals early.  \
Creativity thrives within clear boundaries.  \
If we know what success looks like \'97 engagement, revenue, awareness, or behaviour change \'97 we can design with freedom *and* focus.\
\
---\
\
## What inspires you outside of work?\
The ocean.  \
Photography, diving, and conservation projects keep me grounded.  \
It\'92s where I reset and find perspective for my creative work.\
\
---\
\
## What\'92s next for you?\
Continuing to blend creativity with emerging tech \'97 AI, voice, AR \'97 to build experiences that feel alive, personal, and purposeful.  \
I\'92m also exploring how design leadership can empower teams to think beyond aesthetics and toward human outcomes.\
\
---\
\
## Keywords\
Brand Leadership \'b7 Product Design \'b7 Creative Direction \'b7 AI Design \'b7 Startup Growth \'b7 SaaS \'b7 HealthTech \'b7 EdTech \'b7 Empathy \'b7 Storytelling \'b7 Team Culture\
}