{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!-- meta: project="Global Corporate Challenge" role="Art Director" years="2016\'962017" focus="Health & Wellbeing SaaS, Global Campaigns" -->\
\
# Global Corporate Challenge (GCC) \'97 Design & Art Direction\
\
**Role:** Art Director  \
**Dates:** 2016 \'96 2017  \
**Industry:** Health & Wellness SaaS  \
\
---\
\
## Overview\
Global Corporate Challenge (GCC) was a health and wellbeing platform that used gamified challenges to get employees moving.  \
I led design and brand direction for the global campaign \'97 creating a vibrant identity that made fitness feel fun, social, and inclusive.\
\
The program reached millions of employees across 22 languages, helping companies improve workplace culture through movement and connection.\
\
---\
\
## Creative Philosophy\
> \'93Give the creative personality, then build the brand.\'94\
\
We built a system that felt alive \'97 bright, motivational, and human.  \
Every screen, video, and email had a clear purpose: to inspire people to feel good, together.\
\
---\
\
## Key Contributions\
- Defined brand personality and global creative direction.  \
- Delivered campaigns in 22 languages and 36 markets.  \
- Built scalable design systems for regional rollout.  \
- Directed global photography and video production (380+ hours annually).  \
- Managed creative library of 3,800+ assets per year.  \
- Collaborated with developers and marketers for unified experience.  \
- Mentored a lean creative team delivering at enterprise scale.\
\
---\
\
## Results\
- Created a globally recognised wellbeing brand.  \
- Increased engagement and completion rates through design-led storytelling.  \
- Foundation of this creative system later evolved into Virgin Pulse\'92s global wellbeing platform.\
\
---\
\
## Keywords\
HealthTech \'b7 SaaS \'b7 Global Campaigns \'b7 Art Direction \'b7 Design Systems \'b7 Storytelling \'b7 Multi-Language \'b7 Wellbeing\
}