{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19340\viewh13800\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!-- meta: project="MLB Design Studio" role="Founder & Creative Director" years="2009\'962016" focus="Branding, Campaign Design, Studio Leadership" -->\
\
# MLB Design Studio \'97 Independent Branding & Design Studio\
\
**Role:** Founder & Creative Director  \
**Dates:** 2009 \'96 2016  \
**Industry:** Creative Services / Branding / Campaigns  \
\
---\
\
## Overview\
MLB Design was my independent branding and design studio based in Melbourne.  \
We created brand identities, campaigns, and visual systems for corporate, government, and lifestyle clients.  \
I managed the business end-to-end \'97 from client strategy and creative direction to budgeting, mentoring, and production.\
\
---\
\
## Responsibilities\
- Business development, proposals, and client relationships.  \
- Brand strategy and visual identity creation.  \
- Campaign and marketing design across digital and print.  \
- Mentoring junior designers and managing cross-disciplinary teams.  \
- Budgeting, production scheduling, and supplier coordination.  \
- Continuous improvement of creative workflows and processes.\
\
---\
\
## Selected Clients\
City of Melbourne \'b7 Nike \'b7 Emirates Group \'b7 Cricket Victoria \'b7 The Wilderness Society \'b7 Melbourne Fashion Festival \'b7 Holden Racing Team \'b7 Tourism New Zealand \'b7 Big M \'b7 Adelaide Fringe \'b7 Holmesglen Institute \'b7 Building Commission Victoria\
\
---\
\
## Highlights\
- Delivered large-scale creative campaigns across print, digital, and environmental media.  \
- Built long-term relationships with national and international brands.  \
- Developed repeatable brand systems for corporate and community clients.  \
- Provided hands-on creative direction while running studio operations.\
\
---\
\
## Keywords\
Branding \'b7 Campaign Design \'b7 Studio Leadership \'b7 Client Management \'b7 Business Development \'b7 Visual Identity \'b7 Art Direction\
}