{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!-- meta: project="Pay by Bank" role="Head of Brand & Product Design" years="2021\'962024" focus="Fintech, Open Banking, Brand, UX/UI" -->\
\
# Pay by Bank (Waave) \'97 Fintech Startup Brand & Product Build\
\
**Role:** Head of Brand & Product Design  \
**Dates:** 2021 \'96 2024  \
**Industry:** Fintech / Open Banking  \
\
---\
\
## Overview\
Pay by Bank (later Waave) was an open-banking fintech startup reimagining how people pay online.  \
I joined as a founding member to build the brand, design system, and product from the ground up \'97 shaping everything from checkout flows to investor decks.\
\
---\
\
## Creative Philosophy\
> \'93Make complex technology feel simple, secure, and human.\'94\
\
Our goal was to design trust into every interaction. The product and the brand needed to feel transparent, reliable, and empowering for both merchants and consumers.\
\
---\
\
## Key Contributions\
- Developed complete brand identity and design system.  \
- Designed and tested core UX/UI for consumer checkout and merchant dashboards.  \
- Built launch website and \'93Credit Monsters\'94 campaign for public rollout.  \
- Led creative production across web, social, and investor materials.  \
- Introduced AI tools (Midjourney, GPT, Runway) to speed design iteration.  \
- Partnered directly with founders and investors on roadmap and positioning.  \
- Collaborated with compliance and regulatory advisors to ensure clarity and trust in UX.\
\
---\
\
## Results\
- Launched Australia\'92s first open-banking payments brand.  \
- Helped secure initial merchant partners and investor confidence.  \
- Built a consistent experience across product and marketing channels.  \
- Accelerated go-to-market creative through AI-assisted workflows.\
\
---\
\
## Tools & Tech\
Figma \'b7 Notion \'b7 Midjourney \'b7 Runway \'b7 OpenAI \'b7 Lovable \'b7 Slack \'b7 Miro\
\
## Keywords\
Fintech \'b7 Product Design \'b7 Brand Strategy \'b7 UX/UI \'b7 Open Banking \'b7 Startup Launch \'b7 AI-Assisted Design \'b7 Growth Marketing\
}