{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!-- meta: project="Smart Wiggle" role="Founder & Creative Lead" years="2024\'96Present" focus="AI, EdTech, Emotional Design, Neurodiversity" -->\
\
# Smart Wiggle \'97 AI Learning Buddy for Neurodiverse Children\
\
**Role:** Founder & Creative Lead  \
**Dates:** 2024 \'96 Present  \
**Industry:** EdTech / AI / Health & Learning  \
\
---\
\
## Creative Vision\
Smart Wiggle started as a project for my son \'97 a way to make learning feel calm, curious, and emotionally intelligent.  \
The goal: create an AI-powered buddy that helps neurodiverse kids learn with confidence and self-awareness.\
\
---\
\
## Key Contributions\
- Defined brand personality and visual identity (\'93wiggly, friendly, playfully smart\'94).  \
- Designed UX/UI for the voice-first AI tutor and wearable \'93Wiggle Band.\'94  \
- Created interactive marketing site with AR portals and avatar buddies (Marvin, Luna).  \
- Built beta onboarding for 100 families across Australia.  \
- Produced investor deck, prototypes, and roadmap for seed round.  \
- Developed emotional-aware UX principles integrating biometrics and calm-mode design.\
\
---\
\
## Outcomes (to date)\
- 50+ families approved for beta access.  \
- Recognised for inclusive design and emotion-aware innovation.  \
- Building partnerships with educational and neurodiversity communities.  \
- Preparing for seed funding and pilot expansion in 2025.\
\
---\
\
## Tools & Tech\
Figma \'b7 Lovable \'b7 OpenAI \'b7 Runway \'b7 Leonardo AI \'b7 Whisper STT \'b7 Juniper TTS \'b7 AWS Textract \'b7 UX Research \'b7 Emotional Design\
\
## Keywords\
AI \'b7 EdTech \'b7 Neurodiversity \'b7 UX/UI \'b7 Emotional Design \'b7 Founder Story \'b7 Product Design \'b7 Inclusive Design\
}