{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!-- meta: project="Virgin Pulse" role="Global Creative Director" years="2017\'962020" focus="HealthTech, SaaS, Global Brand" -->\
\
# Virgin Pulse \'97 Global Creative Direction for Health & Wellbeing SaaS\
\
**Role:** Global Creative Director  \
**Dates:** 2017 \'96 2020  \
**Industry:** HealthTech / SaaS  \
**Scope:** 190+ countries, multilingual programs  \
\
---\
\
## Overview\
At Virgin Pulse, design wasn\'92t just about visuals \'97 it was about helping people live and work healthier, happier lives.  \
I led global creative and brand strategy across product, marketing, and sales to unify the company\'92s voice and visual identity across 190+ countries.\
\
---\
\
## Leadership & Key Contributions\
- Built and rolled out a 30-language global brand guide.  \
- Directed campaigns that increased engagement by over 30%.  \
- Redesigned core product interface for clarity and emotional resonance.  \
- Managed global creative operations and regional agency networks.  \
- Mentored cross-functional design and content teams.  \
- Aligned M&A brand integrations under one unified system.  \
\
---\
\
## Results\
- Established global brand consistency across all touchpoints.  \
- Improved internal creative speed and quality across regions.  \
- Strengthened team collaboration between design, marketing, and product.  \
- Created a brand foundation later used to evolve the company\'92s entire wellbeing ecosystem.\
\
---\
\
## Tools & Tech\
Adobe CC \'b7 Figma \'b7 Sketch \'b7 Asana \'b7 Wrike \'b7 Global CMS\
\
## Keywords\
HealthTech \'b7 SaaS \'b7 Global Brand \'b7 Creative Direction \'b7 Leadership \'b7 Engagement Design \'b7 Product UX \'b7 Storytelling\
}